Yeah.
Hello, everyone. Hope all is well.
We should be good to start in 5 minutes.
Just waiting for someone to join.
Thank you.
In the meantime,
if you have any questions,
you can ask them.
I.
Okay. Hi, good evening.
I hope everyone who is joined today
are ready for the week three.
So we have multiple questions.
So first we'll go through the week three
and we'll discuss on what is there for
the week and then we will move ahead with
the questions. Okay,
so whoever has the questions, please.
open your name and we will try to answer
each question,
like answer your question turn by turn,
so it becomes easier for us to call you
out. Okay. Am I audible correctly?
Yeah, you are.
Yeah, perfect.
So, we'll start at week three.
Okay.
regarding any installation,
we are happy to discuss it today because
you know,
it can't be delayed now because from next
week we'll start discussing the test.
So make sure that you have everything
done and you're progressing towards P3
and moving on.
I hope that everyone has joined the Teams
channel, SIT102 Teams channel.
because that is where all the important
instructions would be.
So make sure that you've joined it and
people who are aiming,
all the students are aiming for DD or HD,
make sure that you...
Yeah,
make sure that you've started the task D1.
I think it would be discussed with you in
week one on what is exactly D1.
It is the active engagement.
You need to show it that you have been
actively engaging in the seminars or on
Teams channel or on discussions.
You need to take a screenshot of it and
upload it in your.